Reworked the navigation to reflect the learning path (#315)
percona/k8spsmdb-docs: docs/what-next.md

* **[Scale the cluster](scaling.md)** — Add replica set members or plan for [sharding](sharding.md) when you need more capacity.
* **[Upgrade the Operator and database](update.md)** — Keep the [Operator](update-operator.md) and [Percona Server for MongoDB](update-db.md) up to date.
* **Secure your data** — [Encrypt client and server-side traffic](TLS.md) either with the [cert-manager](tls-cert-manager.md) or [manual certificates](tls-manual.md). Configure [data-at-rest encryption](encryption.md) to ensure data safety when it is written on disk.
* **[Control Pod placement](constraints.md)** — Use affinity and anti-affinity so Pods run on the right nodes.
* **[Monitor the database and Kubernetes](monitoring.md)** — Use [PMM for the database](monitoring.md) and [Kubernetes monitoring](monitor-kubernetes.md) for full observability.
* **[Set up persistent logging](persistent-logging.md)** — Retain and rotate logs for troubleshooting.
* **[Plan multi-region or disaster recovery](replication-plan-deployment.md)** — Replicate across sites and [fail over](replication-failover.md) when needed.
* **[Remove a deployment](delete.md)** — Delete a test cluster or decommission an environment.

> You can also operate the Operator and database via the [Open Everest](https://openeverest.io/docs/) web interface. See [Get started with Percona Everest](https://docs.percona.com/everest/quickstart-guide/quick-install.html) to try it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also operate the Operator and database via the [OpenEverest](https://openeverest.io/docs/) web interface. See [Get started with OpenEverest](https://openeverest.io/documentation/1.14.0/quick-install.html) to try it.
```
